  ___  ___                             __ _     _   _                     _____ _   _ _____
  |  \/  (_)                          / _| |   | \ | |                   |  __ \ | | |_   _|
  | .  . |_ _ __   ___  ___ _ __ __ _| |_| |_  |  \| | _____      _____  | |  \/ | | | | |
  | |\/| | | '_ \ / _ \/ __| '__/ _` |  _| __| | . ` |/ _ \ \ /\ / / __| | | __| | | | | |
  | |  | | | | | |  __/ (__| | | (_| | | | |_  | |\  |  __/\ V  V /\__ \ | |_\ \ |_| |_| |_
  \_|  |_/_|_| |_|\___|\___|_|  \__,_|_|  \__| \_| \_/\___| \_/\_/ |___/  \____/\___/ \___/
  V1.3.0

This Readme will give you some usefull informations about the mod.

== Web Files

"news.php"

  A php script to get the GUI text.

"newsOptions.php"

  A php files that countains some options for the Gui.
  Current options available: Tabs names, Buttons names.

"newsContent.php"

  A php file that countains all the pages content.

"Index.php"

  If you want to create a page, you you just have to run it.
  All the colors and others options are written on the page.
  NOTE: If you want a line with nothing, you NEED to put a space in it !

"stringcreator.php"

  This script is used when you create a page, you just have to copy the
  text an paste it in "news.php"

"P437.ttf" And "style.css"

  The font file and the CSS stylesheet for the pages


== Changelog

1.3 - Content Update:
  *Updated to Minecraft 1.8
  *Added individual line position system
  *Added scrolling buttonsScrolling Bar for 13+ lines pages
  *Revamped "news.php"
  *Switched to Minecraft text formatting
  *Removed ApiColors and StopWatch

1.2 - Bug Killer Update:
  *Updated to Forge 1.7.10
  *Added the possibility to have less than 13 lines on a page.
  *Improved Error Handling, custom error messages and anti-crashing Exceptions
  *Added a debug menu to test error handling
  *Added the possibility to navigate with keys
  *Added the options to exit the Gui when there is an error

1.1:
  *Updated to 1.7.10
  *Added MaxPages Option to Each Tab in PHP file
  *Added Customizable Tab Name in PHP file
  *Added Options File in WebFiles
  *Optimized Text Loading
  *Fixed the Missing "ParentScreen" when quitting
  *Removed Some Leftovers

1.0:
  *Reduced the text updating time from 4-6 seconds to 0.5 seconds*
  *Added new formatting options and colors
  *Buttons and Titles are now customizable
  *Fixed the mouse movement when closing the GUI
  *Added a MaxPages Option

0.3:
  *The text is now hosted online
  *Added the possibility to have pages
  *Added the colors and the text formatting
  *Changed the text position system
  *Changed the GUI texture

0.2:
  *Added the "Event" Button
  *Added a text positon system
  *Changed the desing of the GUI

*This time was calculated with an average ping of 145ms.


== Terms of use

You are not allowed to get paid for including it in a Mod/Lancher/...
You are not allowed to claim it as your creation.
You can use it in your own mods and modify at your will, just give credit if you feel like it.
